XML comments make EternalClickbait orgasm
Comments? What are comments?
Unity, now with 100% more retardation
Fuck you
Team-Capture, now with even less comments.
Pink fluffy unicorns.
Friday DIS class is slack...
I think my class is dumb as fuck
Off to steal your wallet
Donkey Dong
Nani
Dost blízko k ruštině
DrPain, sliding into those PR's
UPDATE: He got put into issues
boom - Fred, 2019
AWWW MAN
Don't put your base next to spawn next time...
I am been tought by a big ball rn
Cling-wrap is great protection.
Get a hair cut harro
I'm a predator
Bathroom Spy Camera
Rick roling since 1987
Still better code then YandereDev
Hello? How is it going?
Random crit kunai.
Imagine being a torch head
I was having a good day. Then I saw Robert.
So gay you'll come straight back.
Joshua My-garry
Lets get Mr. White a pack ammo for his birthday
America - Shooting up schools since 1776
Imagine paying for health care
MindMap, more like MineMap
Miss: Wants us to do a mind map. Me who has created a Discord Bot and a game: I don't think I will
Fat fuck
Who needs encryption?
Miss? How do I create a variable in Python?
SQL? More like Shitty Query Language
Your laptop is about to take off
A live girlfriend would be a nice change
2D girls aren't as bossy.
Do you like tra*s?
207770
Most people who have a anime pfp are a guy, DrPain
RGB, makes your PC run faster.
Data or Data
I code with Notepad++
I code with Microsoft Word
I edge to Microsoft edge
Go burn a cat
Online schooling was better
I use VGA for my display.
How much dedicated ram do I need for my Minecraft server.
But can it run Minecraft with raytracing?
ME: How much RAM do need? MINECRAFT: Yes
I didn't steal the code... I borrowed it
Pootis-Bot
Fuck the grade 7s that sit next to us, honestly
Don't spend diamonds on a hoe.
Thots are temporary, but Doom is eternal.
Judge: Did you touch the 3-year-old. VSauce: Well first we're going to have to define 'touch'.
There is no Covid second wave if you don't overcome the first one
UwU, whats this? *Notices bulge*.
Boys coming out of quarantine: STRONG ARM MACHINE
hamir editour
Master Skywalker? More like Main skywalker -GitHub
*Other Devs* Use professional manner. *Voltstro Studios*: FUCK YOU, YOU PIECE OF CUNT ASS SHIT HOLE, YOU FUCKING WANKER
Press Alt-F4 for better performance.
Unreal-engine? More like chinesses spy-ware engine.
What were the devs on while writting console-spalshscreen.txt? Us: Yes
When your dad has a better computer then you and all he does is play Minecraft...
Built by boxing kangroos
r/Animemes: Bans the T Word. Me: Says 'traps' because this isn't Reddit and the word 'Traps' aren't offensive.
Did you know I wrote this sentace while on the bus home.
*Me*: Owns a blog, *Also Me*: Doesn't ever use it.
I wonder how many people will actually read this.
For free TC-Coins, send your Mummy's Credit Card Number, the expiry date, the name and the three numbers on the back to me@voltstro.dev
My assignment for Digital Solutions is a written exam... for a digital subject, yea...
Did you know coding on a bus without a mouse is very hard.
